---
title: "What is Holding You Back?",
date: 'YEAR-MM-DD'
description: O Markdown deve ser o mais fácil de ler e escrever o mais possível.
category: Category Goes Here
image: '/assets/img/03.jpg'
---

What is Holding You Back?
Often when we hear the phrase, “what’s holding you back?” We might think of our pride or our unwillingness to let go of something. The idea of something or someone keeping us from achieving our dreams should get our blood boiling. What we often fail to see is that something includes our sin or our desires.\"]]],[1,\"h3\",[[0,[],0,\"Clean It Up\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"When it comes to living out our dreams we hate to think that we need to clean up our act. God has such big plans for lives. He wants to use us in ways we deem impossible, but we have to be willing to get rid of some things to move forward.\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"Therefore, get rid of all moral filth and the evil that is so prevalent and humbly accept the word planted in you, which can save you. (James 1:21 NIV84)\"]]],[1,\"h3\",[[0,[],0,\"Give It Up\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"We like things in our timing don’t we? I know I do, and I bet you do too. The Bible tells us many times that God’s timing is not like ours nor our ways like His. Yet we assume His timing and plans are the same as ours. God is not our vending machine, ready when we are ready. We need to leave the timing up to Him.\"]]],[1,\"h3\",[[0,[],0,\"Give Up\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"We like to blame our failures on circumstances or some unfortunate happening, but the hard fact maybe we need to give up. No, not give up our dreams, but submit our dreams to God. When our dreams fail, it is far from our fault we fell short. When we succeed, we are first in line bidding for credit of the outcome. What if we faithfully follow God, do OUR best, and give Him all the glory no matter the outcome?\"]]],[1,\"h3\",[[0,[],0,\"Give OUR Best\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"This is such a fun play on words. When I refer to this term, I don’t mean what it appears to mean. Okay, here goes. This is what we do. Be humble, in spirit and in our actions. Every good and perfect gift comes from the Lord anyway. Why try to steal the show? Be willing to act or wait patiently on God’s request. Be ready, eagerly waiting and listening for God to speak. Be humble, willing, and ready. Do you see a pattern emerging?\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"Our Best has less to do with our actions and more to do with our attitude of mindfulness.\"]]],[1,\"p\",[[0,[],0,\"Therefore, since we are surrounded by such a great cloud of witnesses, let us throw off everything that hinders and the sin that so easily entangles, and let us run with perseverance the race marked out for us. Let us fix our eyes on Jesus, the author and perfecter of our faith, who for the joy set before him endured the cross, scorning its shame, and sat down at the right hand of the throne of God. Consider him who endured such opposition from sinful men, so that you will not grow weary and lose heart. (Hebrews 12:1-3 NIV84)
